add 1.12.6 release notes (#11120)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.12.x/announcing-1.12.6/index.md

---
title: Announcing Istio 1.12.6
linktitle: 1.12.6
subtitle: Patch Release
description: Istio 1.12.6 patch release.
publishdate: 2022-03-31
release: 1.12.6
aliases:
    - /news/announcing-1.12.6
---

This release contains bug fixes to improve robustness. This release note describes what’s different between Istio 1.12.5 and Istio 1.12.6

{{< relnote >}}

## Changes

- **Fixed** an issue where executing `istioctl upgrade` on 1.12 would result in webhook overlap errors.
  ([Issue #37908](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/37908))

> - **Fixed** an issue that caused TCP calls still being logged after disabling the access logging through the Telemetry API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue that caused TCP calls to still be logged after disabling the access logging through the Telemetry API.
```

> - **Fixed** an issue that caused TCP calls to still be logged after disabling the access logging through the Telemetry API.

Reviewer 2: I think this will need `([Issue #37723](https://github.com/istio/istio/issues/37723))` but the issue hasn't been closed out for some reason?

Reviewer: https://github.com/istio/istio/pull/38032 says it fixes it. The PR was never linked though.

> - **Fixed** an issue causing some cross-namespace VirtualServices to be incorrectly ignored after upgrading to Istio 1.12+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fixed** an issue causing some cross-namespace `VirtualServices` to be incorrectly ignored after upgrading to Istio 1.12+.
```
